# model_output_individual_discussion

This scenario sought to replace the 10% most air polluted and  10% of residences that are the furthest away from existing green areas with new green areas while ensuring to not make 50% of the population move from where they currently live. No limiting budget was set, however, the solution presented above met all the targets in the cheapest possible way.

By not setting a budget limit, it was interesting to see which locations of the city will be transformed into green spaces. Logically, almost all new green spaces are in the peripheries of the city, probably due to lower land costs. There are also some in the city centre, most likely to remove air pollution, as the most polluted locations tend to be in the city centre. The cheapest possible way to meet all these targets would cost the Municipality of Amsterdam nearly 2.000.000.000 Euros.

Nonetheless, this scenario has a few shortcomings. Firstly, it is not very realistic. In such a compact city like Amsterdam, which faces a population density increase, it is unlikely that so many new green spaces will be implemented, given that there is also a housing crisis. In other words, it is not likely that housing buildings will be given up for green areas. Moreover, the budget is quite high, and it will be hard for decision-makers to give such a big proportion of money to something that is currently not the main priority of the city. Another shortcoming is that by not setting a budget, the solution will always try to solve all the targets, regardless of what they are. Put differently, the solution simply replaced 10% of the city with green areas, in order to meet the distance and air pollution targets. In the same way, if a target of 20% was set, 20% of the city would have been replaced.

Future studies should carefully look at realistic targets and goals the city wishes to pursue in terms of green spaces. By using real-world data, such as the one in this study, in combination with actual goals, the solution can readily be applied to the city. Furthermore, a more detailed investigation of the map should be performed, and more nuances can be added to it. For instance, there are empty spots which represent either water or places for which no cost data was available. Future studies should fill these gaps, and consider adding more details such as historical heritage that cannot be bought, car roads and industrial areas.
